We're back with the marvelous
cast of Pitch Perfect 3,
and they none of them have
serial killer traits at all.
None of them.
I heard you like to
play Heads Up, right?
Yeah.
So we're going to play a
special edition of sidekick
where we're going
to have two teams
and we're going to start
with Anna and Rebel,
you're going to get on those
little red dots over there.
We'll wait right
here on these dots.
OK.
You have to act it
out, you can't talk.
You have to act it out,
and I'm going to guess.
OK.
All right?
Cool.
Oh.
Amazing.
OK.
All right.
Oh my god.
Brittney, I love you.
Yeah!
What does ours say?
You're Ho, Ho, Ho?
You're sleigh all day.
So-- so you'll act it
out wearing that sweater.
OK.
OK OK OK.
And you're guessing?
I'm guessing, yeah.
Can I put my arm around?
Uh, jumping jacks.
Yeah!
Yeah, yeah.
Got it started already.
Look on YouTube.
OK.
Oh.
Oh, I can't get on--
You're shorter, so go down.
Proposal, marriage proposal.
Yes!
Oh.
Oh, no.
Oh yes.
Yes.
A revolving door?
Yes!
Wow.
Yeah OK.
YMCA.
Yes!
Whoa, good!
Applause.
Uh, clapping.
Yeah, right come on!
Yes.
Chest bump.
Yeah.
Sorry if that hurt.
Um.
I want to see go--
I want to see full pose.
Yoga.
Yay.
Jump on [inaudible].
Oh!
Nice, nice.
Nice.
Horseback riding.
Sumo wrestling!
That's nine.
All right.
Switch places, that was nine.
That was really good.
Really good!
[interposing voices]
I'm exhausted.
Yeah, we're ready.
OK.
Oh.
Um.
Limbo, limbo.
Got it!
Oh.
Here, I'll be the thing.
Oh, air guitar.
Guitar.
Banjo.
Yeah.
OK.
Jump rope.
Oh, god.
Oh my gosh, skirts!
Short skirts!
We're doing this.
We're doing -- oh,
we're not talking.
Oh, darn it.
She is-- She-- You
know what it is.
Push ups?
Push ups.
Oh, good, we can--
Uh, Irish jig.
Irish dancing.
That was good.
Arm wrestling.
Cheerleader.
Oh.
Ooh.
Walking a tightrope.
Yeah.
Oh.
Oh look.
Trust fall!
Right got it!
Yes!
It's time!
[applause]
Oh my god!
Yes, Andy!
Oh look at that.
Oh my god, great job.
[inaudible]
[applause]
See that one?
Andy-- Andy just
realized it's tied.
All right so that's great.
OK
Amazing.
Wrestle to the death.
[laughter]
All right.
Rarr!
Pitch Perfect 3 is in
theaters December 22.
That was my idea, to put
American Ninja Warrior thing up
in the parking lot.
Everyone got hurt.
And they wouldn't
allow me to do it.
Hi, I'm Pink and I'm
about to do the hottest
thing I've done all day.
That was my idea to put an
American Ninja Warrior thing up
in the parking lot.
One of my favorite shows
to watch this summer
was American Ninja Warrior.
I loved it so much I
asked them to build it
right here in the parking lot.
Allison Janney and
Anna Faris are here.
How do you think
you're going to do?
How do you feel?
I think I'm going to do great.
I hope I can land somewhere
in between Great and OK.
Everyone got hurt.
[music]
What happened to you?
I had tennis elbow
for a year from that.
From that?
From pulling myself
up that wall.
When I went up that wall,
grabbed on, and my-- the whole
shoulder, elbow thing just--
That's nothing.
That's.
Derek.
I did it.
Derek one of our producers
tore his Achilles heel,
and what happened
to you, twitch?
Tore my meniscus.
Yeah.
Everybody got-- I mean like--
What were we thinking?
I know.
But it was a good idea.
I didn't think I could do that.
For a moment.
It really was.
Everyone did it before me
to make sure it was safe,
and everyone got hurt.
And they wouldn't
allow me to do it.
And it was my idea.
Oh, I'm gonna enjoy this
montage of baby animals
doing adorable things.
If you weren't a performer
what would you be doing?
I would either be
living or working
at a mental institution.
I'm going to give a gift to
my-- to myself right now.
I'm going to enjoy this
montage of baby animals
doing adorable things.
[MUSIC PLAYING, JUSTIN BIEBER,
"BABY"]
(SINGING) Thought
you'd always be mine.
Baby, baby, baby all like,
baby, baby, baby, no, like baby,
baby, baby, oh.
Thought you'd always be mine.
Mine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Now I'm all gone.
Gone.
I'm gone.
Ahhhh!
[applause]
Why do baby goats have to jump
like that with all four legs?
Makes me want one so bad.
Just all four.
OK.
[music playing]
Hi, I'm pink and I'm
about to do the hottest
thing I've done all day.
And answer Ellen's
burning questions.
The habit you will never break?
Telling anyone how I
really feel about them.
Have you ever worn a
disguise in public?
Yes I once spent two hours
putting on a wig in New York,
and I walked outside in
the very first man I saw
said nice wig, Pink.
And I went back upstairs
and took that [bleep] off.
I was terribly embarrassed.
What Olympic sport do you
think you would be best at?
Hot dog eating.
As long as they
were veggie dogs.
If you weren't a performer,
what would you be doing?
I would either be
living or working
at a mental institution.
If you had a perfume,
what would it be called.
Musk.
Or The Everything Bagel.
Your superhero power
of choice would be?
To read people's minds.
'Cause they're
wussies and they never
say what they're
really thinking.
The funniest fail
you've had on stage?
I once fell off stage into--
there was a moat
around the stage.
And a man had lit up nipples.
And I saw it, and I got excited,
and I walked towards him.
I went straight into the water.
You're guilty binge food?
Oh god.
Everything.
Crumb donuts, or
anything with cheese.
Or carbs.
Like pasta.
Hungry.
Now, Ellen, I have
a question for you.
What's your least favorite
question to be asked?
And then I'll have a
question for you next time.
Bye, I love you!
[music playing]